.\" Manpage for Shoulder Surfing Protector
.\" Contact azratul@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 8 "23 Mar 2020" "1.0" "ssp man page"
.SH NAME
ssp \- An app that is capable of protect your password by changing it every single minute 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Shoulder Surfing Protector is capable of protect your password by changing it every single minute, so a Social Engineering Hacker will not be able to stole your password or take control of your machine. All you need is a Secret Key and a format pattern based on datetime.

.B IT IS NOT RECOMMENDED to use in root accounts because, eventually, it will be the only way to recover your account if you forget your Secret Key or something goes wrong.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS -config
.TP
.IR DESCRIPTION
Add or update a user. This is mandatory before the first run.
.TP
.B Username:
The account with a password based on an algorithm
.TP
.B Date format(yyyymmddhhii):
It is a format pattern to generate the password(based on your secret key)
.TP
.B Secret key:
Only you will know this. This will be the base for your algorithm
.TP
Your secret key is formed with characters that we can asigned to an ASCII table and iterate over this table according to numbers in your date format pattern

.SS -v
.TP
Prints current SSP version

.SH EXAMPLES

.SS ssp -config
.TP
Username: foo
.TP
Date format(yyyymmddhhii): mmddyyyyhhii
.TP
Secret key: password1234
.TP
In the example, the date format pattern is "month-day-year-hour-minutes". The algorithm is very simple, just iterate over your secret key adding a number based on your pattern. So, if today is Jan 03, 2020 at 14:07 hrs.
.TP
password1234
.TP
010320201407
.TP
(p+0)+(a+1)+(s+0)+(s+3)+(w+2)+(o+0)+(r+2)+(d+0)+(1+1)+(2+4)+(3+0)+(4+7)
.TP
  p  +  b  +  s  +  v  +  y  +  o  +  t  +  d  +  2  +  6  +  3  +  ;
.TP
The password will be:
.BR pbsvyotd263;
.TP
And in the next minute will be:
.BR pbsvyotd263<

.SH SEE ALSO
.B chpasswd(5) 
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Claudio Lepín (azratul@gmail.com)
